Add some custom rule use cases and the embeditor on popular pages (#160)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/getting-started.md

Once Semgrep is running locally, see the [Semgrep Tutorial](https://semgrep.dev/learn) to quickly learn how to write precise rules.

Semgrep rules can cover a wide range of use cases:

- Automating code review comments
- Detecting secure coding violations
- Detecting API routes, database models, or similar code segments
- Identifying authentication violations
- Lightweight vulnerability detection
- Scanning configuration files
- And more! Check out more use cases [here](writing-rules/rule-ideas.md).

Visit [Writing Rules > Getting started](writing-rules/overview.md) for an in-depth guide and reference material.

> This rule is used to find and discourage `print(...)` in production code. You can edit this rule here or visit the [editor](https://semgrep.dev/editor) to try writing and deploying your own rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule is used to find and discourage `print(...)` in production code. You can edit this rule here or visit the [editor](https://semgrep.dev/editor) to write and deploy your own rule.
```

> <iframe title="semgrep example python flask routes" src="https://semgrep.dev/embed/editor?snippet=ievans:print-to-logger" width="100%" height="432px" frameborder="0"></iframe>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<iframe title="Semgrep example with Python Flask routes" src="https://semgrep.dev/embed/editor?snippet=ievans:print-to-logger" width="100%" height="432px" frameborder="0"></iframe>
```
